Tool: Mention our use of link shortner and how to create hypha shortlinks (#11)
hyphacoop/handbook: guides.md

  - as needed, send reminders of action items
  - migrate action items into task tracker

## Managing shortlinks

We use a custom shortlink service at `link.hypha.coop`. It helps us:

> - resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup

Author: ```suggestion
- resolve keywords to URLs from any computer,
```

Author: Better @dcwalk ?

Author: Better @dcwalk ?

Author: bump? commit and merge at will, and we'll close organizing#74 :)

Author: oo wait. one more addition. +1 but don't merge yet.

> - resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup,

Reviewer: we haven't been using commas and "and" at the end of bullets lists

> - resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup,

Reviewer: I'm not sure I know that this bullet means @patcon --

Author: ### 
```suggestion
- easily resolve keywords to URLs from any computer,
```

> - resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup
```

we haven't been using trailing punctuation on bullets

- make commonly used resources quickly and easily accessible,
- simplify link-sharing in spoken conversations, and
- align on shorthand keywords for resources.

Instructions on creating and managing shortlinks are available in
our [`shortlinks` repo](https://github.com/hyphacoop/shortlinks).

## Accessing shortlinks

> Shortlinks work on their own, but for even easier access on your own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shortlinks work on their own in the address bar, but for even easier access on your own
```

  - as needed, send reminders of action items
  - migrate action items into task tracker

## Managing shortlinks

We use a custom shortlink service at `link.hypha.coop`. It helps us:
- resolve keywords to URLs independantly of our personal workstation setup
- make commonly used resources quickly and easily accessible,
- simplify link-sharing in spoken conversations, and
- align on shorthand keywords for resources.

Instructions on creating and managing shortlinks are available in
our [`shortlinks` repo](https://github.com/hyphacoop/shortlinks).

## Accessing shortlinks

> **Hint:** You can use a URL hash to deep-link into an expanded shortlink.

> > Example:&nbsp;http://link.hypha.coop/inventory#MailCow

Author: Added this. Look ok?
